Notes about 1.0.0-beta.30 (#1375)
vuejs/vue-test-utils: docs/guides/common-tips.md

_For a full list of options, please see the [mount options section](../api/options.md) of the docs._

### Mocking Transitions

> Although calling `await Vue.nexTick()` works well for most use cases, there are some situations where additional work arounds are required. These issues will be solved before the library transitions out of beta. One such example is unit testing components with the `<transition>` wrapper provided by Vue.

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
Although calling `await Vue.nextTick()` works well for most use cases, there are some situations where additional workarounds are required. These issues will be solved before the library transitions out of beta. One such example is unit testing components with the `<transition>` wrapper provided by Vue.
```

I'd also clarify which library you are talking about and avoid the word *transition* (at least in this paragraph):

```suggestion
Although calling `await Vue.nextTick()` works well for most use cases, there are some situations where additional workarounds are required. These issues will be solved before the `vue-test-utils` library moves out of beta. One such example is unit testing components with the `<transition>` wrapper provided by Vue.
```

Author: TYVM

```vue
<template>
  <div>
    <transition>
      <p v-if="show">Foo</p>
    </transition>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      show: true
    }
  }
}
</script>
```

You might want to write a test that verifies that Foo is shown, then when `show` is set to `false`, Foo is no longer rendered. Such a test could be written as follows:

```js
test('should render Foo, then hide it', async () => {
  const wrapper = mount(Foo)
  expect(wrapper.text()).toMatch(/Foo/)

  wrapper.setData({
    show: false
  })
  await wrapper.vm.$nextTick()

  expect(wrapper.text()).not.toMatch(/Foo/)
})
```

> In practice, although we are calling `setData` then waiting for the `nextTick` to ensure the DOM is updated, this test fails. This is an ongoing issue related to show Vue implements the `<transition`> component, that we would like to solve before version 1.0. For now, there are some work arounds:

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
In practice, although we are calling `setData` then waiting for the `nextTick` to ensure the DOM is updated, this test fails. This is an ongoing issue related to show Vue implements the `<transition>` component, that we would like to solve before version 1.0. For now, there are some workarounds:
```

> 1. Using a `transitionStub` helper

Reviewer: To structure this section and clearly show what belongs to it, I'd make this a heading.

```suggestion
#### Using a `transitionStub` helper
```

```js
const transitionStub = () => ({
  render: function(h) {
    return this.$options._renderChildren
  }
})

test('should render Foo, then hide it', async () => {
  const wrapper = mount(Foo, {
    stubs: {
      transition: transitionStub()
    }
  })
  expect(wrapper.text()).toMatch(/Foo/)

  wrapper.setData({
    show: false
  })
  await wrapper.vm.$nextTick()

  expect(wrapper.text()).not.toMatch(/Foo/)
})
```

This overrides the default behavior of the `<transition>` component and renders the children as soon as the relevant boolean condition changes, as opposed to applying CSS classes, which is how Vue's `<transition>` component works.

> Another alternative is to simply avoid using `setData` by writing two tests, with the required setup performed using `mount` or `shallowMount` options:

Reviewer: When there's a `1.` above, here should be a `2.`, or another heading

```suggestion
#### Avoid `setData`

Another alternative is to simply avoid using `setData` by writing two tests, with the required setup performed using `mount` or `shallowMount` options:
```

```suggestion
2. Avoid `setData`

Another alternative is to simply avoid using `setData` by writing two tests, with the required setup performed using `mount` or `shallowMount` options:
```
